what different types of services offer/provided by one finance after moneysign assessment?
1) 1 View
2) Financial Health Score (FHS) and Financial Ratios
3) Financial Wellness Plan
4) Financial Concierge Service
5) Hyper-Personalised Financial Advisory


how and what different types of services offer/provided by one finance after moneysign assessment?. please explain in detail.
1)1 View: This service provides a comprehensive, 360ยบ view of a user's financial data, including their assets, liabilities, income, expenses, insurance, and more. It's designed to help users manage their money more holistically by bringing all their finances into one place.

2)Financial Health Score (FHS) and Financial Ratios: This service helps users understand their financial position by providing them with a Financial Health Score and various financial ratios. This can help users make informed financial decisions and develop better money habits.

3)Financial Wellness Plan: This service provides customized, actionable insights to align a user's finances with their behavioral traits. The insights are part of the company's advisory ecosystem and are rooted in the expertise of their financial advisors and proprietary algorithms for portfolio analysis.

4)Financial Concierge Service: This service provides users with assistance from a team of committed and qualified chartered wealth managers and certified financial planners. These professionals can help users streamline their finances and guide them towards financial well-being.

5)Hyper-Personalised Financial Advisory: This service provides users with financial recommendations that are tailored to their individual needs and personality. The company's algorithms sort through and rate a multitude of investment options, enabling their vetted financial advisors to provide users with the right tools to enhance their decision-making.


Can you tell me more about the 1 View feature?
Sure! Our 1 View feature offers you a comprehensive, 360ยบ view of your financial data, including your assets, liabilities, income, expenses, insurance and more. It's designed to assist you with managing your money more holistically by bringing all your finances into one place.

What is the Financial Health Score?
The Financial Health Score (FHS) is a measure that helps you understand your financial position. By knowing your FHS and understanding the key metrics behind it, you can make informed financial choices and develop better money habits. It's a way to measure the link between your financial traits and your personality.

Can you tell me more about the Financial Wellness Plan?
Of course! Our Financial Wellness Plan provides customized insights to align your finances with your behavioral traits. These insights are part of our advisory ecosystem and are rooted in the expertise of our finance concierge specialists and financial advisors, backed by our proprietary algorithms for portfolio analysis.

What is the Financial Concierge Service?
Our Financial Concierge Service offers reliable assistance from qualified professionals. This team of committed chartered wealth managers and certified financial planners can help you streamline your finances and guide you towards a state of financial peace and well-being.

Can you tell me more about the Hyper-Personalised Financial Advisory?
Certainly! Our Hyper-Personalised Financial Advisory provides recommendations that are curated especially for you. Our algorithms sort through and rate a multitude of investment options, enabling our vetted qualified financial advisors to offer the right tools to enhance your decision-making. These actionable financial recommendations are tailored to your personality.