What is MoneySign ?
Personal finance doesn’t have to be as intimidating as it’s made out to be, especially once you understand what your tendencies and traits are when it comes to money.We designed MoneySign™ as a tool for you to recognise your financial disposition. Our in-depth assessment seeks to understand aspects of the way you live — your propensity for risk, how you save and invest, your priorities, and so on — which in turn helps us guide you better.

How many MoneySign Profiles Exist ? 
There are eight MoneySign Profiles 
1) Tactical Tiger
2) Enlightened Whale
3) Persistent Horse
4) Stealthy Shark
5) Opportunistic Lion
6) Vigilant Turtle
7) Virtuous Elephant
8) Far-Sighted Eagle

MoneySign and their Short Description ?
1) Tactical Tiger: Acute awareness, adaptability and agility characterise financial decision-making for this set of people. They assert control over their financial outcomes, take calculated risks, and get aggressive when necessary. This confidence serves them well, when administered mindfully.
2) Enlightened Whale: These are pragmatic thinkers who can make rational and considered judgements without buckling under pressure. They are not susceptible to worry and anxiety, but are highly attentive towards what matters to them. They are experts at navigating complex situations, and know how to take a break to cool off from time to time.
3) Persistent Horse: These are people who find comfort in routine, prioritise long-term economic stability over rapid growth, and avoid uncertainty. Patience and perseverance guide them through volatile periods, and time-tested financial wisdom resonates with their beliefs.
4) Stealthy Shark: Inquisitive, ambitious, and prone to restlessness, these are people who are constantly on the lookout for new opportunities, while keeping track of competitors. Their financial decisions are swift and aggressive — exercising some caution can sometimes be in their best interest.
5) Opportunistic Lion: They are curious about new financial products and tools, competitive to the core, and satisfied when risks pay off. Setbacks don’t faze them — they’re always looking out for the next big adventure.
6) Vigilant Turtle: Composure, keen observation, discipline and self-control allow this set of people to navigate difficult situations, solve complex problems, and achieve financial satisfaction. They like staying prepared for risks that may jeopardise their well-being, and are often more comfortable with tried-and-tested investment avenues.
7) Virtuous Elephant: These are people who make choices practically and systematically, which provides a sense of security to those around them. In a crisis, they remain calm and committed to their goals. Experimentation can make them restless, but it’s okay to push the envelope sometimes — within reason.
8) Far-Sighted Eagle: A sharp focus on the big picture and their remarkable foresight helps them leverage rewarding opportunities. Being bold and self-assured gives them a great appetite for risk, but thorough research and steering clear of herd behaviour is key.



MoneySign and their more details  Description ? 
1) Tactical Tiger: An acute awareness of your surroundings, combined with the ability to act with agility and swiftness, makes you perfectly capable of achieving difficult goals. You assert and maintain control over the outcome of a situation by keeping a watchful eye and never letting your guard down. You possess the optimal blend of strategical skills and emotional intelligence — you tend to be bold and risk-taking, while also being careful; you’re clever and tactful, patient and persistent, and you can also be zealous when required. You’re equipped to be self-sufficient owing to  your robust decision-making, observant nature and tendency to adapt easily to situations. 
2) Enlightened Whale: When it comes to decision-making, you’re a realist. You don’t allow irrational sentiments to cloud your judgement. You can handle the pressures of working with tight deadlines and are unperturbed by situations that are beyond your control. While you are blessed with the gift of a sharp memory and a knack to tackle complex situations, you are usually modest about your intellectual prowess. You avoid making hasty decisions and prefer to give your undivided attention to things that matter. Your easy-going attitude towards life, coupled with a sense of self-awareness, allow you to maintain a calm disposition even when provoked. And you take care of yourself by blowing off some steam once in a while.
3) Persistent Horse: Being a creature of habit, you firmly believe in following a daily routine. You are often surrounded by a large social circle and prefer companionship over solitude. You take particular joy in being present in an environment that allows you to share and absorb ideas. You have the patience and perseverance to go the extra mile in order to achieve a goal. To safeguard your long-term well-being, you tend to follow time-tested, conventional wisdom, and dislike uncertainty. In the pursuit of stability, you steer clear of situations that may be unpredictable or volatile.
4) Stealthy Shark: You prefer to maintain an air of mystery by being discreet about your intentions, and taking measured actions. You’re highly inquisitive and aren’t afraid to venture into the unknown if the reward could prove worth it.  This, combined with your strategic thought process, helps you achieve solid results. Your high levels of ambition can trigger restlessness, but also motivate you to seek prospects beyond the ordinary. You exercise autonomy while making decisions, even as you closely monitor your competitor’s movements to scout for rewarding opportunities. When a lucrative proposition is on the table, your decisions are swift and deliberate, regardless of what the outcome may be.
5) Opportunistic Lion: You have a striking demeanour and a curious mind, which means you’re always on the lookout for the next big opportunity. Your formula for success has always been to fill in the gaps in your skill set by drawing on the expertise of people in your social circle. This helps you make the most of the options presented to you, even when the window of opportunity is narrow. You’ll do what it takes to emerge ahead of your competitors. Being highly self-motivated allows you to keep exploring new pursuits no matter what the outcome may be. While taking time off to celebrate a significant milestone is important to you, you will not think twice before jumping right back into action if there’s something exciting on the horizon.
6) Vigilant Turtle: You’re an incredibly composed and grounded individual with a strong sense of self-control, which comes from being satisfied with your achievements. You firmly believe in working hard to achieve your goals and follow a very systematic and disciplined approach while solving problems across different facets of your life. You dislike uncertainty because it leaves you feeling anxious, and you’re apprehensive about deviating from tried-and-tested conventions as you believe it exposes you to unwanted risks. You’re extremely skilled at negotiating difficult situations by applying a watertight system of checks and balances that you’ve established over time. You’re careful and highly observant, which allows you to anticipate undesirable outcomes and prepare in advance. You believe in taking one step at a time, and that holds you in good stead.  
7) Virtuous Elephant: A natural leader, you possess a great sense of practicality and sage wisdom, which makes you capable of deriving original solutions to complicated problems. People look up to you because of your ability to maintain composure during a crisis and your unwavering focus on the end goal. You offer a sense of warmth and belonging to those around you by ensuring that they’re well looked after and aren’t threatened by external factors. A sharp intellect, great communication skills, and remarkable self-control are the most important tools in your arsenal, accompanied by a spirited attitude.
8) Far-Sighted Eagle: You’re a committed individual who possesses a great sense of loyalty towards your loved ones. You also have the ability to cut through the clutter and focus your time and energy on distant prospects. This enables you to assess high-potential opportunities with the big picture in mind, and strike just when the time is right. When a rewarding opportunity presents itself, your confidence, bold decision-making, and visionary mindset give you an edge over the competition.
