How many or What are the Enlightened Whale recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Enlightened Whale traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. Consider automated investment options in financial instruments after working out your long-term financial goals, but make sure you have a comprehensive understanding of their risk/reward profiles. The strategy can be as simple as setting up auto-debit facilities for 4–5 products so as to ensure adequate diversification and timely investments.
	2. Additionally, pay heed to the importance of creating a safety net. Build a strong financial parachute by purchasing adequate insurance, setting aside a liquidity buffer to cover your expenses for 6–12 months, and so on.
	3. If you find it taxing to build a systematic framework for managing your finances, seek the help of a financial expert for additional assistance.


How many or What are the Enlightened Whale behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Self-Control Bias: A lack of self-discipline for resisting the temptation to indulge in habits that provide instant gratification can hamper your progress towards achieving long-term goals. This bias could result in you falling short of achieving your financial milestones, and might even mislead you into taking undue risk to compensate for the shortfall.
	2) Status Quo Bias: You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.
	3) Endowment Bias: You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.