How many or What are the Opportunistic Lion recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Opportunistic Lion traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. Given your appetite for high risk and low level of fear, considering risky asset classes (mid- or small-cap stocks, financial derivatives, cryptocurrencies, unlisted or private equity, etc.) as investment options or income generation methods would be ideal. However, the need for creating a safety net cannot be overstated.
	2. It’s okay to take risks as long as you’ve allocated money towards creating a strong financial parachute — purchasing adequate insurance, building a liquidity buffer to cover your expenses for 6–12 months, planning for your long-term personal financial goals or collective financial goals for your family, etc.
	3. If you think that building a systematic framework for managing your finances is too burdensome, seeking help from a financial expert in your circle or contacting a qualified financial advisor are viable solutions.



How many or What are the Opportunistic Lion behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Overconfidence Bias: You may, at times, exhibit unwarranted faith in your own abilities, judgements and knowledge levels, which can manifest as attributing success to your skills and failures to external factors. This bias might convince you to underestimate risks and overestimate returns, which would lead to a highly concentrated portfolio. 
	2) Self-Control Bias: A lack of self-discipline for resisting the temptation to indulge in habits that provide instant gratification can hamper your progress towards achieving long-term goals. This bias could result in you falling short of achieving your financial milestones, and might even mislead you into taking undue risk to compensate for the shortfall.
	3) Loss-Aversion Bias: For you, the dissatisfaction caused by a monetary loss of a certain amount tends to be much higher than the satisfaction derived from a monetary gain of the same amount. This mindset could encourage irrational risk-taking behaviour for overcoming losses, and excessive cautiousness when dealing with gains. This bias may limit the upside potential of your investment portfolio, while increasing its risk factor.