How many or What are the Persistent Horse recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Persistent Horse traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions.
	1. If you can’t withstand large price swings, avoiding volatile investments like direct equity, financial derivatives and cryptocurrencies would be a good idea.
	2. Opt for safe, conventional investment avenues like mutual funds, real estate, safe deposits, gold, etc. since you’re likely to be inclined towards them. However, keeping adequate liquidity is a must.
	3. Given your tendency to be disciplined, using loans to build long-term assets might be a good option.
	4. Finally, keep a tab on your expenses so that your social life doesn’t come in the way of your journey to financial well-being.



How many or What are the Persistent Horse behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Status Quo Bias : You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.

	2) Endowment Bias : You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.

	3) Regret-Aversion Bias : You worry about incurring losses that arise from independent decision-making, which can either result in a preference for inaction to avoid the sting of regret, or transpire into exhibiting herd behaviour. This bias can cause you to become too conservative in your approach and to default to low-risk or popular financial instruments, which may not be the best choice for achieving your long-term milestones.