How many or What are the Vigilant Turtle recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Vigilant Turtle traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. If experimenting with new financial products that are considered to be volatile or high risk in nature makes you anxious, know that it’s okay to stick to investment avenues that you’re familiar with. 
	2. Taking a few basic financial precautions could have compounding effects on your well-being and can help in building a strong financial parachute. This could include buying adequate insurance, creating a liquidity buffer to cover your expenses for 6–12 months, diversifying into multiple income sources, and so on.
	3. Your commitment towards your financial goals and long-term investing should be backed by a framework for managing and reviewing your finances periodically. This can be developed in consultation with an expert, if necessary.


How many or What are the Vigilant Turtle behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Status Quo Bias: You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.
	2) Endowment Bias: You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.
	3) Regret-Aversion Bias: You worry about incurring losses that arise from independent decision-making, which can either result in a preference for inaction to avoid the sting of regret, or transpire into exhibiting herd behaviour. This bias can cause you to become too conservative in your approach and to default to low-risk or popular financial instruments, which may not be the best choice for achieving your long-term milestones.