How many or What are the Virtuous Elephant recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Virtuous Elephant traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. If experimenting with new financial products that are considered to be volatile or high-risk makes you anxious, know that it’s okay to stick to investment avenues that you’re familiar with. However, you should keep your portfolio adequately diversified and dedicate a part of it to inflation-beating products like equity or hybrid mutual funds. This will help you strike a balance between maintaining a core portion for capital preservation and a comfortable allocation for securing your future purchasing power.
	2. Since you have a disciplined approach towards handling your finances, consider using low-cost loans to build long-term assets like real estate.
	3. While your commitment towards your financial goals is commendable, do remember to build a framework for reviewing your finances periodically.


How many or What are the Virtuous Elephant behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Status Quo Bias: You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.
	2) Endowment Bias: You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.
	3) Regret-Aversion Bias: You worry about incurring losses that arise from independent decision-making, which can either result in a preference for inaction to avoid the sting of regret, or transpire into exhibiting herd behaviour. This bias can cause you to become too conservative in your approach and to default to low-risk or popular financial instruments, which may not be the best choice for achieving your long-term milestones.